Well, thank you, Governor
Thank you. You're very kind.
It should be, it should be
My migrant worker brother, have you seen it?
Even the Governor came to my wedding
Also sent a congratulatory gift
What do you compare to me?
You are mighty
You are offside because of the cloud business giant
You are the head of the horse and the mountain.
Dear
Now believe that your choice is correct
Tell me about it.
I will not regret what I did today
What choice?
And decided not to look at me like that
Be careful for a while
What? I'm so happy.
The Governor himself came to our scene today
To congratulate us on our wedding
You're still looking for presence here
You pretend to be the sword lord
I'm going to jail soon
Impersonating Lord Jianjun
In fact, it's as simple as going to jail
Why did I become an impostor like this?
Mr. Li, your identity and strength
How can a group of local chickens and dogs question and pretend?
Why is he also Mr. Li?
His Excellency the Governor
He's my brother.
A Li family wife sells fried noodles on the street
You're pissed.
This is too disappointing
Zhang Yongchang
Do you think you've been governor for too long?
Who are you? What do you mean?
You mistook the sword lord
What do you think I mean?
What? I mistook the sword lord
Mr. Li by my side
The one you should congratulate today
Lord Jianzun, the owner of Kowloon Shop